CFS Super Fans: October 22nd - November 4th
[GM]Xenon
[GM]Xenon
October 15 edited October 21

Attention Mercenaries,

CFS Super Fans has arrived! Show your support for your favorite Pro team and score some epic weapons from the Citrine Well while you're at it!

From October 22nd until November 4th, this special event will bring an exciting touch to your CrossFire experience. During this period, the Citrine Well will serve as your portal to unlock an arsenal of CFS-themed weapons. Whether cheering for your favorite team or diving into the game, this is your chance to enhance your gameplay and celebrate the spirit of competition. 

Here are the new weapons available:
M4A1-S-CFS Sunfire Iron Beast
AWM-CFS Sunfire Ironhawk
Barrett-CFS Sunfire Demon
These returning weapons are also available:
QBZ-03-CFS Mirage Jewelry
Scar Light-S-CFS Dusk Tiger
Cheytac-CFS Jupiter Dominator
These weapon boxes are also available, and you can choose one weapon from each select box:

✭ CFS Fervor Weapon Select Box
AK47-K-CFS Fervor
AWM-CFS Fervor
D.Eagle-CFS Fervor
J.Knife-CFS Fervor

✭ CFS Bliss Weapon Select Box
AA-12-CFS Bliss
Barrett-CFS Bliss
COP.357-CFS Bliss
D.Karambit-CFS Bliss

✭ CFS24 GF Weapon Select Box
M4A1-S-CFS24 GF
FRF2-CFS24 GF
Anaconda-CFS24 GF
B.Knuckles-CFS24 GF
✭ By purchasing at this special CFS Citrine Well during the event period, you will get the chance to win some amazing weapons, and a portion of the proceeds will also go directly to 2025 eSports.

If you don't win a weapon, you will still gain a random amount of exchange coins from opening Citrine crates, which you can use to redeem each weapon once.

Each Citrine you purchase also gives you a Wishing Ticket with a random amount of Wishing EXP. The Wishing Well will grant your favorite weapons once you have accumulated enough Wishing EXP.

Once you have earned enough Wishing EXP, you can redeem your prize and switch to another wish. However, be careful not to switch while you have already placed EXP, or your progress will be reset.
Don’t miss out! Join the celebration and embrace the competition!

-CrossFire Team

